Initial PR (#1)
datastax/java-driver-policies: README.md

# Supplementary Policies for Apache Cassandra Java Driver
Currently, this package contains two load balancing policies to be used with the [Apache Cassandra Java Driver](https://github.com/apache/cassandra-java-driver) (version 4.10.0+) - `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` and `LatencySensitiveLoadBalancingPolicy`.

## Get Started
To use either of the policies, you need to include both the Java driver and this package as dependencies.
```xml
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.cassandra</groupId>
            <artifactId>java-driver-core</artifactId>
            <version>4.10.0</version>

>         </dependency>

Reviewer: The Maven coordinates for this dependency are wrong.  4.10.0 was a DataStax release so it's groupId would still be com.datastax.oss.

Below is the p75 and mean client side latencies of the 3.x driver, `LatencySensitiveLoadBalancingPolicy`, and 4.x driver, for a cluster when one replica for each request is slowed down for 30 minutes.

![LatencySensitiveLoadBalancingPolicy-latencies-30mins](./pics/LS-latencies-30mins.png)

`LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` also has such an advantage in the 30-minute scenario. See the following chart.

![LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy-latencies-30mins](./pics/LNIFC-latencies-30mins.png)

However, both `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` and 4.x `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` have a significant advantage when nodes are slowed for a short time, because they use real-time measurements, specifically count of in-flight requests.
Below is the client-side latency and the throughput of the 3.x driver, `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy`, and 4.x driver, for a cluster when one replica for each request is toggling being slowed every 2 minutes.

![LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy-toggling](./pics/LNIFC-toggling.png)

> We can see both `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` and 4.x `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy`'s client-side latency almost doesn't change, while the 3.x driver's latency raises significantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can see that the client-side latency for both `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` and the 4.x `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` almost doesn't change while the 3.x driver's latency raises significantly.
```

> Because changes in node status at short intervals, such as garbage collection, are common in the production environment.

Reviewer: This line has been merged with the following line in the suggestion below

> Therefore, we recommend using the 4.x `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` or `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` for general use, and `LatencySensitiveLoadBalancingPolicy` when you anticipate prolonged delays in node responsiveness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe quick changes in node status are more common in production environments and therefore recommend either the 4.x `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` or `LatencyAndInflightCountLoadBalancingPolicy` for general use.  You should consider `LatencySensitiveLoadBalancingPolicy` when you anticipate prolonged delays in node responsiveness.
```
